The Crisis4Q and Crisis4M data sets are from Mark Watson and Jim Stock, who used them for their BPEA article analyzing the time series properties of the crisis.  The .csv files are portable versions of their original .xls files.  The Crisis.RData file contains R "mts" class objects corresponding to the .csv files.  The original labeling information from the .csv file headers is available in the attr(*, "labels") components of the objects.  All that is missing from the .RData files are the codes specifying how the data were prefiltered by Stock and Watson.  The Crisis4MQ object is the data from Crisis4M passed through windowA to put it in the form of quarterly averages.

The kfvarWork.RData file contains (I think) all the objects --- functions, data, and intermediate results --- that I was working with as of Wednesday morning.  (Since I weeded out some things on the workspace that I hadn't used recently, it's possible that something important is omitted.)  The data, constructed from the CrisisXXX files, that were used in the monthly and quarterly VAR estimations are in slimdata2 and slimdata3.  These are mts objects with no missing data that can be used directly as the first argument in rfvar3() or rfvarKF().  

The things in kfvarWork:

yzero, cyzr:   6 x 6 x 4 arrays for use as an argument to restrictVAR(). When constraints are just coefficient by coefficient setting to zero or a constant, restrictVAR determines the restricted coefficients as those corresponding to 0's in its yzrone argument, which has the same shape as the By componente of the rfvar output lists, or its xzrone argument which has the same shape as Bx.  cyzr specifies the values to which the coefficients are constrained.  If cyzr is not present in the call (or set to NULL) it is assumed to be all zeros.

sig????, slim2kfsig:  residual covariance matrices calculated for subperiods, for the 7-variable monthly model.  (Time varying variances not yet implemented for the quarterly model.)  slim2kfsig strings these matrices together into a 7 x 7 x sample-size array of matrices for input to rfvarKF().
